Update muon interface docs (#25781)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/interfaces/muon_transform_tab.rst

Transformation Tab
------------------

This tab is designed for the user to transform pre-loaded data into the frequency domain. At present there are two
methods available, which the user can switch between by using the drop-down menu at the top of the tab.

Fast Fourier Transforms (FFT)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. image::  ../images/muon_interface_tab_transform.png
   :align: right
   :height: 500px

In this mode the interface displays two tables, FFT and Advanced options. The FFT table contains
all of the information required to produce a forward FFT. The Advanced Options table contains the information
for adding padding and apodization functions to the data.

> **Workspace** This selects the workspace to be transformed. If the workspace contains the word ``PhaseQuad`` it will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Workspace** This selects the data to be transformed.
```

> run the :ref:`PhaseQuad <algm-PhaseQuad>` algorithm on the selected run when ``Calculate`` is pressed. If no phase table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> is available then the one will be generated and the result will be stored as ``PhaseTable``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

**Imaginary Data** If unchecked the FFT will be performed without an imaginary component.

**Imaginary Workspace** The imaginary component for the FFT.

> **Auto shift** If this is checked it will automatically calculate and apply phase shift, if this is unchecked it will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Auto shift** If this is checked it will automatically calculate and apply the phase shift, if this is unchecked the user
```

> ask you to supply a correction (defaults to 0.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can select a value (defaults to 0.0).
```

> **Use Raw data** If this is checked it will use the raw data from the instrument with its default bins, if it is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Fit To Raw Data** If this is checked it will use the raw data for the FFT.
If it is unchecked it will use the rebinned data as specified on the home tab.
--

```

> unchecked it will use data rebinned using the specifications from the home tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The Advanced Options table contains the information for adding padding and apodization functions to the data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Advanced Options table contains the information for adding padding and applying apodization functions to the data.
```

> **Apodization Function** selects th apodization function to apply to the data before performing the FFT.

Author: ```suggestion
**Apodization Function** Selects the apodization function to apply to the data before performing the FFT.
```

**Decay Constant** The decay constant for the apodization function.

> **Negative Padding** If this si checked it will add padding to both sides of the data.

Author: ```suggestion
**Negative Padding** If this is checked it will add padding to both sides of the data.
```

**Padding** The amount of padding to be added to the data.

The ``Calculate`` button will execute the :ref:`Padding and Apodization <algm-PaddingAndApodization>`  and then
:ref:`FFT <algm-FFT>` algorithms. The output workspace will be added to appropriate grouped workspace.

Maximum Entropy Method (MaxEnt)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. image::  ../images/muon_interface_tab_transform_maxent.png
   :align: right
   :height: 500px

The maximum entropy method can be used to calculate the frequency domain spectrum. This option uses the
:ref:`MuonMaxent <algm-MuonMaxent>` algorithm to calculate the frequency spectrum. The MaxEnt Property table contains
the basic quantities used during the calculation.

**Workspace** Select the workspace for the transformation to be performed on.

**Phase Table** Select a phase table to be used for the initial phase values.

> **Fit dead times** Check this to fit dead times.

Author: ```suggestion
**Fit dead times** If checked this will fit for dead times.
```
